Didn't you fucking say it's alright?
It shouldn't be, I don't know.
Hey, Mr. Xiao, save me, Mr. Xiao, save me
Save me, are you just begging me?
Second Division
Mr. Xiao, I beg you to save someone, save me, Mr. Xiao, it's a pity
I'm just a watchdog.
Mr. Lu who said it doesn't count
Please help.
I will do all the live streaming hosting orders for you.
Oops, you won't be so begging in the future
The so-called order will be made by you.
It's salty and red, okay?
This Yin Dong Gao Yi
My uncle disciplined himself for you
Huh what to pretend
If so, it can cure the disease
Hurry up and find a wall to kill
It really doesn't hurt anymore. How is this possible?
You are really a miracle doctor, little sir.
What a shitty doctor
He just got lucky.
When he touches you
And my special effects were going to work.
Yes, yes, he is picking up leaks.
Is that so?
There is no disease under the sun that he can touch and cure